In order to gain money, you must send a message that is at least 7 characters in length. There is a 30 second cooldown between each message that will give you cash. However, these rates are not fixed. For every message you send, your chatting multiplier(which increases the amount of money you get per message) is increased by 0.1. This increase is capped at 10, but will most likely be reset when someone uses the $reset command, which will reset everyone's chatting multiplier's. Using the $reset command may sound counter productive, however, it provides the user of it with $100.  To view your steadily increasing chatting multiplier, you may use the $rate command, and the $money command to see your cash grow. This command shows you every single variable taken into consideration for every message you send. If you wish to improve these variables, you may use investments. With the $investments command, you may pay to have permanent changes to your message rates. These will stack with the chatting multiplier.  Another common way of gaining money is by gambling, there are loads of different gambling commands, which can all be viewed with the $help command. You might be wondering what is the point of all these commands. This is where ranks come in. Depending on how much money you have, you will get a certain rank. These are the current benfits of each rank, and the money required to get them:   Informers can use the $jump command.  Dealers can use the $steal command.  Smugglers can change the nickname of ANYONE with $bully command.  Suppliers can use the $50x2 AND can use the $robbery command.